capital = 1105
primary_culture = georgian
culture = armenian
culture = russian
religion = orthodox
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_autocracy
literacy = 0.05
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.03
prestige = 3

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

set_country_flag = orthodox_country

ruling_party = GEO_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 15
    conservative = 68
    reactionary = 17
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

oob = "TCR_oob.txt"

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
